Let's create a C ++ class for the spectator widget. Let's rename the blueprint.
Go to C ++ classes, to the UI directory.
We create a new C ++ class. In the search we find UserWidget.
We call the class STUSpectatorWidget.
Before moving on to the widget, let's create two functions in the respawn component.
The first will return the number of respawn seconds.
The second function will return true when the respawn timer is running. We call the function IsRespawnInProgress.
We create the body of the function.
To determine whether the timer is running or not, we will use the manager's timer function, which is called IsTimerActive.
Go to the widget class.
We create a public section.
Add the UFUNCTION macro.
The function will return true if the timer is running.
We call the function GetRespawnTime and the parameter will be by reference.
We will transfer to it the number of seconds left before waiting for the respawn. We create the body of the function.
Let's include the necessary header files.
We get a pointer to the respawn component.
If pointer = nullptr,
or the timer is not running,
then the function will return false.
Otherwise, write in the CountDownTime variable the
number of seconds left until the respawn
and return true.
We compile the project.
Go to the file menu -> reparent blueprint. We change the parent class of the widget.
We check on the right that it has changed. Next, let's create a bind for the text.
So, we call our GetRespawnTime function.
If the return value is false, then we can display either Dead, or, for example, write Wait.
And if the value is true, then just display the number of seconds.
The function is ready.
The only thing is that you can change the size of the text.
Let's put 40.
Also set the number of seconds of the round a little more, for example, 80. Start the game.
We were killed. The countdown counter is running.
The character has respawned. Everything works.